# esg-roadmap
- You can use "script_settings.cfg" to edit the script parameters,
- To run the full script: "python main.py"
- The project is pushed to Github repo: https://github.com/zakaria47fs/esg-roadmap
- To make parameters edits on "script_settings.cfg" script effective on server, you need to login to the server through RDP (make sure the server instance is running on AWS. Otherwise, you need to connect to AWS and start it), on the server go to the project folder "C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Projects\esg-roadmap", and edit the "script_settings.cfg" file

Instructions on how the KPI code functions for 1) % KPIs and 2) numeric/unique KPIs
[To be filled in]

Instructions on how the code works for checking for duplicate sentences
[To be filled in]




Instructions for operating the AWS server using Amazon EventBridge:
1.To make changes to the instance start and stop schedule, you need to edit the Amazon EventBridge rules associated with the Lambda functions.
2.To do this, go to the AWS Management Console and navigate to the EventBridge service.
3.Under the "Rules" tab, locate the rule associated with the Lambda function you want to modify. In this case, you should see two rules, one for Lambda-Ec2-Start and another for Lambda-Ec2-Stop.
4.Click on the rule for the function you want to modify, and then click on the "Edit" button to modify the rule.
5.Make the necessary changes to the schedule, such as the day of the week or the time of day, and then save the changes.
6.To change the code on the server, you need to first make the changes in your GitHub repository.
7.Once you have made the changes in GitHub, you can export the updated code to the Lambda function.
8.To do this, go to the AWS Management Console and navigate to the Lambda service.
9.Locate the Lambda function you want to update, either Lambda-Ec2-Start or Lambda-Ec2-Stop, and click on its name to open the function configuration.
10.Under the "Code" tab, select the "Code source" option as "Upload from" and then select "GitHub" as the source.
11.Choose the appropriate repository and branch that contains the updated code.
12.Once you have selected the updated code, click "Deploy" to update the Lambda function.
13.After the Lambda function is updated, the changes will take effect on the next scheduled event trigger.
That's it! You have now learned how to operate the AWS server using Amazon EventBridge, modify the schedule for the Lambda functions.


Here are the steps to edit the instance code by uploading it from GitHub:
1.First, navigate to your GitHub repository where the code changes have been committed and pushed.
2.Click on the "Code" button to see the available options for downloading the code.
3.Select the "Download ZIP" option to download the code as a ZIP file.
4.Extract the ZIP file to a local directory on your computer.
5.Next, navigate to the AWS Management Console and go to the EC2 dashboard.
6.Find the instance you want to update and connect to it using Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP).
7.In the EC2 dashboard, select the instance you want to connect to and click on the “Connect” button.
8.In the “Connect To Your Instance” dialog box, select “RDP client” and follow the instructions provided.
9.You will need to download an RDP client if you don’t already have one installed on your computer. An RDP client is a software program that allows you to remotely access and control another computer using the Remote Desktop Protocol.
10.Once you have an RDP client installed, use it to connect to your EC2 instance using the public IP address or DNS name of your instance and the username and password provided in the “Connect To Your Instance” dialog box.
11.The public IP address or DNS name of your instance can be found in the EC2 dashboard by selecting your instance and looking at its description.
12.Once connected via RDP, you will be able to interact with your EC2 instance as if you were sitting in front of it.
Note: since the instance is of Windows as OS of RDP so we can simply connect go to RDP login GitHub and then download zipfile. Afterwards unzip it to the required directory. Let me know if it explains everything.










**How to update python documents on server
**
Remote Desktop connection
password = mN7=K1q-@NVBhw=FiQc1bE$C&Ie?Oo7M






